welcome my name is sarah palin today on
mindless America we are meeting with
eric schmidt CEO @ google.com as we
discuss HTC evo on sprint as he tries to
take on the new apple iphone why hello
Sarah how are you today I am fine thank
you so tell me why you think you're evil
is so much better than my iphone well
first of all it has a bigger screen
faster processor better camera and is
completely custom to your needs but does
it have an eye in the name what does it
have an eye in the name are you stupid
or something how do you expect your
phone to compete without an eye in the
name what the fuck don't you know that's
not polite am i on Punk please watch
your language young man you have got to
be shitting me are you really but stupid
sir where I come from you don't talk to
people like that behind people like you
I'm not black i'm just asking if your IQ
is over to sir i resent it I have a
teenage daughter with a kid so I can
relate to people of color living in the
Americas let's get back to the phone
shall we why do you think the iphone is
better than the world's best smartphone
because Apple told me it was Holly
fucking shit you have to be the dumbest
dumb fuck I have ever met when did Apple
tell you this at our clan meeting you
can also read our newsletters on
apple.com are you serious absolutely we
get together monthly and burn anything
not Apple product white how did you ever
get someone to vote for you it's simple
really a few years back I was voted Klan
member of the year so when it came time
for election the Apple Grandmaster told
everyone to vote for me and they did
what the fuck the Apple white product
movement is extremely powerful this is a
sad day for America why do you say that
the day a dim-witted person like you can
take any office in this country it is a
sign that we are no longer a superpower
I believe what's wrong with America is
that there is no I in the name we should
call this country America just when I
thought that you couldn't be any
stupider you keep talking do you have
any education whatsoever my speech
writers are very Adamek ated Holly fuck
may not be able to run a country keep my
daughter from getting nap up or look
smart but he'll be damned if I continue
to allow you to use such vulgar language
on my stage I apologize I didn't know
the clan paid for this stage the clan
did not pay for this stage my
presidential election funded just like
this cute little red dress you mean to
tell me that my tax dollars paid for
your dumb ass to sit here and speak to
your rhetoric to the nation this is a
free country don't you know if you're me
everything is free isn't that illegal if
it was illegal we add white product
movement would have seek someone for
copyright infringement that's not even
relevant we believe that if it was a
great idea and we must have thought of
it first and we'll see you for it you
really are dumber than you look I a
smart don't you know I have an eye in my
name I came here to discuss how the evo
is superior in every way to be iphone
but the longer I sit here the Dumber I
get for just listening in that case you
would be a perfect candidate for the
Apple clan and why is that well we
require all of our members to listen to
everything we say do what we tell them
to do and not use any logic whatsoever
just like the Republican Party I can't
take this anymore well then leave you
black product loving son of a bitch I'm
out of here well that's all we have for
today folks make sure you catch us next
time online bless america have a great
night and stay Apple product white